Use different deserialization method in XCom init_on_load (#12327)
mistercrunch/Airflow: docs/concepts.rst

deserialization mechanism the custom class should override ``serialize_value`` and ``deserialize_value``
methods.

It is also possible to override the ``orm_deserialize_value`` method which is used for deserialization when
recreating ORM XCom object. This happens every time we query the XCom table, for example when we want to populate
XCom list view in webserver. By default Airflow will use ``BaseXCom.orm_deserialize_value`` method which returns the

> value stored in Airflow database. In this way Airflow is avoiding unnecessary requests that may occur in custom
> ``deserialize`` methods of custom XCom backend.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
value stored in Airflow database. If your XCom backend performs expensive operations, or has
large values that aren't useful to show in such a view, override this method to provide an
alternative representation.
```

Reviewer: Just this @turbaszek Then :+1:

Author: @ashb done in 32ce1c8, I also change the order of the sentences to preserve "view" context
